Adds a Flask Guide, attempt 2 (#3454)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/friday/src/get-started/flask/local-development/_index.md

---
title: Local Development
description: Steps for connecting a local development instance of Flask {{% vendor/name %}} infrastructure.
---
{{< note theme="warning" >}}
Please note that the instructions on this page assume you have followed the

> [Deploying Laravel on Upsun](/get-started/flask/deploy/_index.md) guide. You may need to adjust the steps for your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Deploying Flask on Upsun](/get-started/flask/deploy/_index.md) guide. You may need to adjust the steps for your
```

specific Flask implementation.
{{< /note >}}

> Now that we have our flask application working on {{% vendor/name %}} we'll need a local environment to be able to make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we have our Flask application working on {{% vendor/name %}}, we'll need a local environment to be able to make
```

> quick changes. Luckily flask already has a development server we can take advantage of! And we can utilize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
quick changes. Luckily, Flask already has a development server we can take advantage of! And we can utilize
```

> everything we set up previously with the flask development server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
everything we set up previously with the Flask development server.
```

When we pushed our changes to {{% vendor/name %}} in the last section, it caused our database service to be redeployed
which closed our tunnel, so first we'll need to reopen it:

```shell
$ {{% vendor/cli %}} tunnel:open -y
```

You can verify the tunnel is open and working again by running the following command:

```shell
$ {{% vendor/cli %}} tunnel:info
```

Next we'll do the same steps we added to our build hook:

```shell
$ npm install
$ npm run build
```

> Now we can run npm start which will run start up webpack watch and start up our flask dev server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we can run `npm start` which will run start up webpack watch and start up our flask dev server:
```

```shell
$ npm run start
```

> You can now view http://127.0.0.1:5000 in your browser to see your local instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now view `http://127.0.0.1:5000` in your browser to see your local instance.
```

{{< note >}}
Please note that you are
connected to your production database so any changes you make locally in the interface (like adding a new

> user) are being added to production. In the next guide will discuss setting up a local development environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user) are being added to production. In a later guide, we will discuss setting up a local development environment
```
